This file was intended to contain instructions about how to set up Jasper on Raspbian on a virtual Raspberry Pi. The idea behind that was to have one disk image for my presentation that could be run on qemu or 

After I started that process, I discovered that it is very difficult to really emulate a Raspberry Pi. It is possible to emulate a first generation machine using the arm1176 machine on qemu, but it's extremely slow and comes nowhere near emulating a Raspberry Pi 2 or 3. Also, since it requires a specially compiled kernel which lives outside the machine's file structure (which is a pain to manage, having to be replaced every time the kernel gets an update) I'm not sure how good of an emulation it really is. I have been able to compile a program on that system and then run the binary on a real Raspberry Pi, but compiling on the emulated hardware isn't really faster. Also, anything with shared libraries is again, a pain.

Raspbian actually has an x86 version that can be used to simulate a Raspberry Pi on x86 type hardware, although it really isn't emulating anything. It's just Raspbian compiled for x86/x86_64. So I could list the same set of instructions for a virtual machine and a Raspberry Pi, but they would have to be two separate images.

Also, I haven't had time to try and get Deepspeech working in a memory space of only 1GiB. It really needs about 4GiB. That's mostly due to the size of the standard dictionary, which is 1.5GiB and seem to need to be loaded into memory all at once (although I swear I had it working in 1GiB at one point). Since I know the DeepSpeech team is working on getting DeepSpeech running on a Raspberry Pi 3, I'm not going to worry about it for now. I do plan to start training my own language model once I have some recordings built up.
